hello hi everyone
um hope everybody's feeling good this
afternoon so
far uh I'm really excited about this
panel because last year I was introduced
to a number of these folks um when we
met in Canada at MCH Montreal and I was
just so inspired by the concept of the
[__] Rave and the idea that it seems
like a real no-brainer that we need to
make night life more accessible to more
people so I'm really excited to dig in
uh to this
conversation before we get started I'd
love to just introduce
everybody first up all the way at the
end we have Octavia Rose hangle who's in
East Bay born and raised choreographer
and nightlife producer with a physical
impairment their performance and
installation work centers access as an
aesthetic portal into visions of past
and future ancestors that travel through
the present moment most recently their
project [__] ecstasy brought together a
cast of disabled and non-disabled
performance artists visual designers DJs
ASL interpreters and audio describers to
conjure new blueprints for what a Club
Space can be Octavia is joined by Stefan
fratila to their right who's a Romanian
born artist based in Toronto um she's
also a DJ and co-founder of [__] Rave an
event platform showcasing and
prioritizing [__] disabled deaf mad and
sick body Minds within safer and more
accessible Rave spaces she created Sona
and eight open source VST eight open
source VST plugins that emulate the
atmospheric conditions of the planets in
our solar system I know that's not
relevant to the topic but still very
interesting check that one out
afterwards to my left um we have re
Renee dumes who's a mad queer white
settler living in between St John's and
Toronto they are a community organizer
and curator a writer and a PhD candidate
practicing at the intersection of
creative critical and chaotic thought
jumes is a co-founder of [__] Rave which
we just talked a little bit about and
we're going to hear a lot more about in
just a moment um but I want to give them
a few a few minutes just before we get
going hey everyone um yeah thanks for
thanks so much for having us we're super
excited to be yeah part of this
conversation and and the weekend uh and
before we begin we just wanted to take a
moment um um just to say we're here in
deep solidarity with the people of
Palestine and those striking today um we
chose to be here and to use this
platform to Echo Global calls for an end
to Israeli occupation of Gaza to end
Colonial Imperial violence and the
attempted genocide ongoing right now of
Palestinians and to end anti-Semitism to
end islamophobia uh and free Palestine
Rave and electronic d music culture it
was founded in communities of black and
multi-racial resistance to colonization
and all forms of marginalization and so
right now as always um it's really
urgent that we follow these lineages and
the leadership that lies within them as
we demand and create spaces and service
to Collective
Liberation um [__] RVE and also cryp
ecstasy are both informed by and we
continue to learn from disabil Justice
which is a [__] queer of color framework
um that largely emerged and uh was
developed by people like mam Mingus and
Patty burn um from here in the Bay Area
and disability Justice it it's
absolutely instructive to us
in centering celebrating and elevating
um cryp Talent cryp Aesthetics and
people in creating accessible uh
nightlife and raave spaces but but
disability Justice also reminds us that
at the center of achieving and realizing
disability Justice is collective
Liberation um an end to nation state and
Colonial violence to mass debilitation
and to the idea that some bodies and
minds and lives are more valuable than
others an end to the recognition and
pursuit of human rights for some
disabled
communities over and at the expense of
other disabled communities Palestinian
Liberation is essential disability
Justice and so in recognition and
solidarity with the global strike
happening today we asked to share a
minute of Silence um before
continuing
e
wonderful thank you for your
thoughtfulness
everyone um thank you so before as we
get going into this I know I gave some
brief introductions but I'd love for
each of you to introduce yourselves
maybe a bit more personally um and tell
them a little bit about you um to get us
to get us started um Octavia do you want
to go first
sure hello everybody thank you for being
here my name is Octavia as Wade
mentioned um so yeah so I kind of came
into the Performing Arts kind of from a
choreography and dance background um and
in college I began to create some
immersive nightlife choreographies
finding ways to tell stories through
dance and through Dance Theater in a
nightlife setting and um as times went
on um it became a lot more and more
difficult for me to go out for me to
participate in club culture I really
wanted to find alternatives to that so
we'll talk a little a little bit more
about it but I was just really inspired
by folks like CRI Brave um and remote
access as well Kevin gotkin folks from
all over the world doing really exciting
stuff in Nightlife and accessibility and
um so last uh June I uh produced the
party [__] ecstasy here at counterpulse
in San Francisco uh that was a lot of
fun and was as accessible as we could
try and make it be and want to keep
building the culture and make it
worldwide and make it and make it lit
and make it accessible for everybody so
let's do it before we keep going you
know Octavia I know that you know as
part of that choreography work you do
work with another local organization um
axess dance I wonder if you could speak
to that just for a second I don't know
if everybody in the audience is familiar
thank you yeah I was going to mention
that too um yeah so I also work with AIS
dance company which uh works with
disabled and non-disabled dancers uh was
founded here in the Bay Area in 1987 um
and I do communication and marketing
work with them and a lot of that too is
based on how to create accessible
accessible experiences in the Performing
Arts uh both digitally and in person as
well so I think that also kind of
informs a lot of the work I do in and
outside the
company we love access dance a lot and
want to take um ACC dance is also a
recipient of the hulet 50 media arts
award and so are we and we're just
really thrilled to be in in in cohort
with you guys um thanks for that uh over
to you Stefan uh yeah I'm um born in
Romania but I grew up in Vancouver
Canada now I'm in
Toronto um and it's spent a lot of my
especially my early 20s mid-20s um
raving um started in playing music and
bands and kind of moved into electronic
music around 18 and so that's kind of
how I came to Rave culture um in
Vancouver and then um pretty soon after
I moved to Toronto I met Renee and um we
both we met at a conference um about uh
illness and sexuality chronic illness
and sexuality and sickness and um we
both were ravers and um kind of
connected over that and our our
frustration with how inaccessible
raving is in in Toronto and otherwise
and that's kind of how we decided to
form [__] RVE as
well fabulous thanks for that Rene
journey and I would love to hear more
you introduce yourself more but could
you speak to that a little bit as well
some of this impetus to start uh CRI RVE
yeah um just the like shared experience
of just How Deeply inaccessible um
raving is and there's of course like so
many reasons to that in ter like around
like just industry and cultural norms of
course and then things like you know
um the DIY scene and and um budget and
gentrification
and like lots of just like institutional
and sort of infrastructural barriers as
well um but we we're like you know what
everyone has a better time when stuff's
more accessible it's like when there's a
place to sit when there's free water
there's enough bathrooms um bare minimum
right like truly bare minimum um and of
course things like accessible venues but
thinking about our own experiences going
out listening to the music that we love
to listen to and just like being anxious
before we go if we decide to go at all
because it's like am I going to be able
to pee when I get there like am I going
to be stressed out in a bathroom like
lineup
um yeah and so it was a project that
started I guess in 2019 and just has has
developed um but it really comes from
personal experience um and our own
struggles and longings with that uh as
well Community like people we're in
community with um and so it continues
to take shape based on the different
people we meet and their needs and and
their dreams and part of where we came
from and beginning it too is kind
of making it clear to the electronic
music spaces and venues and people in
those spaces that disabled people are
already raving we're already here we're
already um involved very critically um
and that's something that I think has
gotten lost um and so part of [__] R is
also about that is is actually asserting
that presence more
explicitly absolutely um and I think
that something that you said that is is
so true and we've been thinking about a
lot throughout the organization of this
Festival is the idea that access makes
things better for everyone um and not
you know not that and I think that it's
really important to recognize that that
we're all human body Minds in a space
trying to be comfortable um and it's not
fun if it isn't for anybody um and so
one before we you know get deeper into
the conversation as many of you have
probably seen on the schedule tomorrow
night we're hosting a [__] Rave here at
gray area we're really excited about
that I hope we do it justice um you know
and we'll have all we'll have access
duas on site we will have SN safe
snorting kits and fenel testing strips
and nck Zone it's going to be a safe and
supportive environment for everyone
there will be dtim areas water Gatorade
snacks all of the above um so we hope
that you'll come out and not to mention
the incredible Talent that's performing
um so we hope that you'll come back
tomorrow night and experience that with
us it'll be my first [__] Rave so I am
totally stoked it's going to be
awesome so we talked a little bit about
some of the impetus of starting this
project from all of you you know having
this experience of wanting to have a
nightlift experience but just not being
able to being barred access for
different reasons um and you know maybe
something that I'd like to talk about um
is you know obviously we know the why
but I'm curious about the how like how
can each of you speak to your own
experiences and organizing these kinds
of events like where do you begin
because I think that you know for myself
as an event organizer that was a
difficult place to start especially as
an able-bodied person um you know where
to begin you know obviously we want to
cover the bare minimum but but we don't
want to just cover the bare minimum we
want to go above and beyond and make
every space as open and accessible as
humanly physically possible um so yeah
I'm wondering if you guys could speak a
little bit of to that and I think that
would be really you know beneficial for
the audience as we all go leave this
conference to go out into our lives and
you know attempt to implement some of
these
practices I mean just a couple things
that come to mind is like yeah the so
part of um my background and and
something I still do quite a bit of is
just Community organizing and so like
event organizing and um learning from
other people in those communities uh
around like what accessibility means and
like you say it's it's really
encompasses so much more um it
critically involves like things like an
accessible venue with accessible
bathrooms but it's and it expands out to
be a lot um bigger than how we often
conceptualize I think what access is and
um so thinking through like and then
also just experiences within like
disability Arts communities and learning
so much from them uh and those spaces
and how they do things but really
thinking about like all the different
aspects of an event from the venue um
and like Logistics uh making sure that
um and then the sensory experience right
it's like how do you ensure that people
have access to the sensory experience
through different access points um by
including things like responsive visuals
to the music and uh ASL music
interpretation um which is something
we've been we we've done in the past and
are like huge think is hugely important
um wait really quick I just not to
interrupt you but um I know that for
some of my members of team when we
started talking about ASL music
interpretation this was a new idea to
them so I'm wondering if you could
explain a little bit more about what
that looks like to the audience yeah so
it's um it's like sign language
interpretation but um specifically for
um music and other related
performances uh and it really is a
performance um so it's not just sort of
uh signing the language but really
communicating the music um and a lot of
preparation has certainly went into the
inter that we've worked with um yeah I
don't know if there's anything else
you'd want to say about that yeah I
think um one thing we've seen is like
some some videos online of like
especially music ASL being used for like
hip-hop concerts or like larger um like
larger scale um shows and that's uh an
example of a of a kind of genre that
that music ASL really lends itself well
to um and has actually been picked up by
pretty like major artists um and it's
definitely about communicating the vibe
as well of which is very specific um and
there is quite a lot of rehearsing that
goes into it um and we worked with a
group called de Spectrum in Toronto um
and so there were I believe four people
on the team for our event um so it's
yeah it's a pretty involved process um
and one thing that is also involved is
like set lists in advance from the DJs
um which is why again with like like a
traveling hip-hop show it would work
really well and like when you know
certainly in like sets where there's
tracks that are lyric heavy um it can be
like especially uh like an especially
important access point and yeah like
working with uh Talent kind of just
challenge taking for granted ideas about
like what makes a good DJ and it's about
like you know going with reading the
reading the room and having like very
little planned and kind of just
reorienting to some of those pieces I
think is is part of the kind of ongoing
work in the
conversation absolutely um you know one
I'm really excited for tomorrow night
for a number of reasons we have know and
one thing that or actually let me back
up one of the things also that I think
that we talked about all three of us
when we were talking about this event
was not just the accessibility on the
ground at the event but in advance
really making it clear what is
accessible and what isn't what
facilities will be will be there um I
want to mention that we're going to have
uh sub packs for tomorrow night so for
non-hearing folks we'll have packs to
feel the music and a variety of other um
accommodations to I'm not going to list
them all right now I've got it on our
website come talk to me afterwards I'll
tell you because I'm going to forget
something um but uh it's that that this
idea of you know communicating even in
advance so people like that moment that
you were describing Renee of that
anxiety like oh my gosh am I going to
have to you know stand in line for two
hours just to go to the bathroom and
it's going to ruin my night and all of
these things um and you know I think
that this is really important for folks
in the non-p community to take into
consideration because how many of us you
know think about like you know
experience Jomo or like we're like G I
can't I don't want to go out tonight I'm
bored or I'm tired or X Y and Z like
these are all feelings that we all have
um and again going back to access makes
things better for for everyone but to
get a little bit more specific I want to
talk a little bit about octavia's event
that took place earlier this summer um
the first [__] ecstasy event um I was
really sad that I couldn't make it but
Octavia I'm wondering if you could um
walk us through the night a little bit
and some of the maybe some of the
considerations that you made and what
you really wanted people to feel um in
the space sure yes um is this mic on can
y'all hear me okay cool I'll I'll just
talk slightly louder um if it's not
going anyways yeah so this concept of CP
ecstasy was this like idea of like
dreaming reaching striving towards this
place where you know all of like the
Crips all the all of the disabled folks
could experience this pleasure this
ecstasy together in this space and how
to make that happen so we started out
with drag performances at the beginning
of the night and we had um audio
description for the drag performances
for blind and low vision folks um as
well as a pre-show um haptic touch tour
as well so folks could come in and they
could feel the costumes all all of the
different drag artists could introduce
themselves you know by name and kind of
get to know people ahead of time um also
blind folks were able to kind of walk
around the space and get a feel for it
before a larger crowd came in as well um
so like okay this is where the bathrooms
are this is where the main stage is this
is where the chill out spaces so um with
that venue there's a lower level space
where we did a chill out space
installation with the Wonder wonderful
artist Jillian crochet um and she
created this Mossy bed installation she
had tree sculptures and stem toys and
just really created this beautiful
relaxing space uh without so much noise
for people to go
into then from the drag performances we
had DJ sets and we had um live type
sound descriptions um so um you know
this was a self-produced event we were
not able to have the for ASL
interpretation all night long for the DJ
sets but we did have volunteers typing
out um kind of poetic descriptions of
what the sound what the sound was giving
and then that would show up on the
screen where our projection artists were
Live Match uh live projecting their
visuals as well um so I think that that
was a nice way to kind of bring that
access point in um it was also masks
required I think especially now that
we're in this on going pandemic um a lot
of people were telling me how they don't
necessarily feel safe going out to the
club anymore and this was a space that
we really wanted to you know bring home
um that idea of really just having masks
required and really being co cautious we
did have an outdoor area as well that
had a mask optional area as well in case
people needed you know to breathe but we
also had a uh a mask required section
outside too so I think overall I think
the event was a really big success it
was intergeneration
lots of beautiful disabled folks you
know who were older younger all coming
together um and it left me ecstatic um
certainly and I think one one big
takeaway too was that not every event
can be 100 100% accessible for everyone
and like it was hard to be like oh yeah
like we're not going to be able to make
every single accommodation that we want
but I think that's sometimes the reality
is like you try and you learn and you
try again
and you know always keep learning and
seeing and seeing what else you can do
absolutely our uh our lead access dla uh
Claudia who was on stage earlier today
made a note about this you know it's
only a failure if you don't do it again
you know it's only you know we're
prototyping we're it's a rough draft and
we're going to draft it again and that's
something that you know was really
inspiring to me because I think that we
can always even when we do a great job
push it a little bit further include
another person create a different kind
of entry point for somebody new
um and that was certainly a challenge
that we faced a lot here at Great area
because we as if you if you noticed or
not we're in an old movie theater um and
so with a building that was built in the
early 20th century we have lots of
things like no elevator to go upstairs
which would which you know is a major
access problem um all sorts of we also
you know are one thing that we're
talking about for tomorrow night was
having a dtim space and separate space
from where the music is playing because
as I you can see I can see all the way
to the street right from here we're a
big open space and so that's another
challenge right you know speaking to
what you were saying about venues it's
you know sometimes the only spaces we
can we can get access to in the first
place aren't accessible themselves so
that you know brings me to my next
question for the group which you know
comes to challenges because certainly
make you know access is something that
is critical but also challenging um and
I'm wondering you know in your both of
all of your experiences um what are some
of the biggest challenge is that you
think that you know planning accessible
event that are posed by planning
accessible events where are the most
critical friction points um I think the
biggest one is
budget um say that yeah either if like
you're self- producing then of course
that's a huge problem and you rely
really on your community and volunteers
that was how our first event kind of
came about as well like our first [__]
Brave we had a huge amount of volunteers
involved um one way around that for us
has been to kind of collaborate with uh
with places like gray area to kind of um
meet halfway so um this feels
sustainable to us because we kind of get
to leave our Mark that way and then what
stays with the festival or the venue is
more long lasting so the kind of access
um that comes with our event hopefully
you know permeates other events that
follow so that has felt like one
possible workaround but the the budget
is a big issue and and of course um the
planning um access as an afterthought
doesn't work and uh that's just the
truth so it's you kind of have to
communicate that or we at least can
speak for myself I think and Renee that
that there's a lot of communication
involved there just like reiterating
to institutions we've worked with um how
that you know how much planning really
is
involved um to make sure that access
needs are met and also a core
understanding that another um challenge
is that one person's access needs
will
inevitably contradict another person's
access needs and that that's just part
of the process and that's okay and and
it doesn't mean that you shouldn't try
and there are there are possible ways to
to work around that um takes a lot of
collaboration I think like this piece
around like seemingly conflicting excess
needs to is often comes down to a
problem of money or like and and funding
and just uh just oh like a a lack of
imagination because of what we're used
to right it's like at are like if we had
we thought just like a little
differently about it um and maybe had
more resources you could have a space
that had options and could meet
everybody's needs you know what I mean
it's like I remember at our our first
party um we uh we were working with um
uh one of the DJs um well we actually
did a live set is a is a deaf artist and
um one of the access points was like
like really loud um and then bass a lot
of bass a lot of bass and for others the
volume was a was a problem um and made
it inaccessible and we like looked at
each other and we're like [__] we
totally forgot to get earplugs like what
and we were like how do we forget that
so we got earplugs for tomorrow y'all
just just letting you know they are
here and so we had a friend go and leave
and just like go get them in the moment
which was um
which was was and it solved solved
it solved it yeah I think one other
thing too we talk about a lot is just
again ideas around what a rave is or
what a particular thing is um
and challenging those things for example
and then I don't know like one thing
that's really common certainly with you
know underground events is not having
like not showing the event the address
until like last minute and there has and
sometimes is really good reasons for
that around fear of getting shut down
criminalization um but like working with
um different promoters and parties to be
like okay so what can you share if you
can't share the address for example like
could you share how far it's going to be
if you can get there by transit how much
of these things are like actually
necessary and if so how do we get around
them or work with them and how much of
it is really about
uh protecting this like a certain
aesthetic or C certain vibe that we
associate with different spaces and
experiences there's a lot of Pride I
think sometimes that some DIY organizers
have and like yeah we're doing this
thing underground man this is the real
deal and if you have your club uh if you
have your party in a club then it's fake
and your opposer and I think I get
wanting to you know not always work you
know with capitalist constructs and
corporate environments and all these
things but then if that's all you're
doing and then someone shows up to a
party and it's up two flights of rickety
stairs
and you know or you have to like go
across like a super uneven surface for
like five 10 minutes to get there and
then that's just going to leave so many
people out so I think like finding that
happy medium and I would I would love to
see a party that really does you know
bring in some of those underground
principles and
ideas while also you know keeping true
to yeah to the disability Community
because that's not really dope if you're
not doing that sorry absolutely um and
it's you know it's a hard balance right
because you know the you know in in I'll
just wait a second for our interpreter
to switch thank thank you so much um
the the spirit of many Rave communities
especially here in the Bay Area the plur
community in the Bay Area is very
historic um and so it's again it's
really meaningful for me to have this
conversation here at Great area um with
all of you uh but a lot of the spirit of
the Rave Community comes from exactly
what you said Octavia finding something
off the beaten path away from security
cameras and corporate interest and
police surveillance and um you know
people I think that ravers often seek
out remote rough industrial different
kind kinds of spaces so that's a you
know that's an it's an interesting
challenge but also kind of you know
tension between both the needs of
something like [__] Rave and some of the
original impetus from the community
because I mean we're all comfortable in
like a corporate office environment
where there's an exact like 4.3 bathroom
stalls and you know etc etc um and I
love I think this is a really rich and
fertile area to to challenge and play
with um and I'm always really inspired
by Renegade events that are able to
implement some of these things um in
far-flung places where you might not
expect that to be the case um but I mean
just to step away from thinking about
Rave specifically you know I think that
the conversation that we're having is
really relevant across the Performing
Arts and the Arts more broadly both um
you know across the board um and so I'm
I'm curious to hear from you guys you
know
what
um you know how would you like to see
the art World adapt or change in terms
of mindset and thinking about some of
these considerations that we've been
discussing like how as a you know a
global community of artists creators
curators and arts workers you know what
do you think are the most the most
critical mental shifts that need to take
place um and or you know another way to
ask that question is what do you wish
that um other folks knew about the CP
experience um and thinking about
integrating with the Arts and art
different kinds of art spaces
as far as an integration point I'm a I'm
very passionate about access Riders and
uh We've taught workshops on what that
you know what those mean and how to
integrate them and I would say like as
curators or as promoters or event
organizers access writers are a great
thing to ask for even if um you know the
person who's being asked might not even
know what that is like I think a lot of
artists are unaware um that they can
submit an access writer and so one way
is to just um I think push that and just
ask um but I an access writer is like a
tech writer it just covers one's access
needs um but it's very similar and um
it's I think something that for myself
as an artist I've been pushing more and
more and that's kind of where that
started for me is if I perform somewhere
I I submit that um alongside my tech
writer and that's I think a tangible
thing that Galleries and other people
can do even if I'm installing like a
sound workor like I think that's that's
a great example of a completely
different space but um you know I can't
physically install any work um just for
my because of my disabilities so that's
the kind of space where um you know the
gallery can facilitate access support
for me with regards to installing a
work it's a big question I know yeah
it's a great question um I think yeah
asking what artist needs you know kind
of like what safan was saying and I
don't know if yall have talked at all um
here in this conference uh in this event
like about just like the um the Artistry
that is inherent in accessibility as
well I think you know not just like
thinking of like oh yeah so we need to
have all of these accommodations set but
you know what are like the fluid
creative ways to incorporate those into
an an artistic practice from the
beginning I think there's so many so
many interesting things can come from
that um so I think yeah really just like
valuing the art in it um I think can
really be um just such a key thing to
help us prioritize because I think if
we're doing something because we feel
like we have to then we're not going to
get anywhere but if we're doing
something because it gives us pleasure
it challenges our
imagination um it makes us think of what
are the beautiful Futures that we could
inhabit together that's a lot more
exciting um yeah that's so real I think
the you're what you're saying really
reminds me of how sometimes CP
experience isn't actually called CP you
know one thing we have are always
continuing to navigate is uh how
people have lived
experiences um a range of living
experiences and don't necessarily
identify with the same language we use
around [__] or mad or sick or disability
um and it's just
really about
like yeah connecting around that like
the lived experience piece and wanting
um I guess like wanting Talent wanting
attendees uh to I feel that they can
identify with what we're doing um yeah
regardless of of sort of the language
they use to describe their
experience um that feels like a a big
and ongoing one and I think that you
know just like looping back to to what
you what you just said around the
um the kind of values and the objectives
of like the of underground raving or
night life for electronic music more
broadly
um it's that is really what like Roots
us at at CP Brave like specifically um
like feel super aligned with yeah just
the history of of how the all the genres
caught up in that kind of emerged and
and you know a continuation um and
so
feels I guess want that to feel want
that to be like explicit and
simultaneously like resist the
corporatization and marketization of
nightlife
experiences um and with that comes an
understanding that with like a DIY
budget things uh yeah like you said you
can't you can't have it all but just
kind of for all of us just
interrogating what it is that that
consistently get sacrificed like what do
we feel is um like it doesn't it's not a
coincidence that it's it's it's
accessibility right um and certain
certain aspects of accessibility that
that always feel uh are more likely to
be
um yeah left out um just an
interrogation of that I would
say absolutely um you know and I think
that this is kind of bringing us to one
of my final questions for you guys and
you know what something you know we've
talked a lot about the challenge and
some of the hardships that folks face in
attending events but maybe we can dream
a little bit about the future and talk
about rather instead the possibilities
and the opportunities that you know are
presented so I don't know maybe um let's
yeah let's what do you what do you wish
for the space and how do you see the
future unfolding as you know [__] Rave
uh movements all around North America
and around the world start to gather
more Steam
I mean for me personally I just want
like accessible parties that I want to
go to that I find fun um like it's
that's so maybe like more like more
volume so that of so that there's a
wider variety of different kinds of
accessible parties well I mean this is
like one of many dreams you know um but
it's really about like
pleasure and excitement like that's all
all of the other things we talked about
but at the root of it is like the C RVE
started because like we want to be we
want the part we want the music the
parties that we already enjoy to be more
accessible to be more comfortable and
like experienced by more people that's
just one part of it but to like really
Center pleasure and Liberation I think
in the pursuit of like
more um of this kind of expanding out
and becoming more like common and to
stay
rooted in that and just like yeah yeah I
think for myself I would like in my mind
the the wildest fantasy I have is like
we just don't have to do what we're
doing anymore cuz everyone's like we get
it and every Rave is a [__] Rave you
know what I mean like totally that's
kind of what I'm hoping for 100% agree
with that Y and and same with any event
any art any disability artarts event
like that could be any event like the
access features provided um could be
available at all
events absolutely I love that dream yes
let's make it a reality I think for me
yeah personally like from my personal
experience as someone who can't sit down
for long PR of time or stand currently
would just be to have yeah more like day
beds in the club such as right here yeah
we had beds at the CP ecstasy event too
what about like beds on wheels that like
rotate that can be pushed through spaces
you know so girlies can like lounge and
like turn up and like do drugs like you
know like in the center of the dance
floor and then also not have to like
navigate through a really crowded crowd
to get out of that dance floor like why
not I think um I wanted to create you
know these types of parties because I
wasn't seeing them and we can make it
happen so why not just like dream bigger
and like find a gorgeous sponsor to make
these dreams a reality because we can do
it I mean that's my dream that I was
going to add is support financial
support for this because I think that
you know like from our experience too
that was always the limiting factor it
was never desire or like want it's not
like for lack of wanting to make things
more accessible right it's always time
money and money and resources um and I
think on top of of that I totally agree
with what you say Stefan I mean in terms
of like all events being [__] events I
think that for me I want to see a space
where you know events that are [__]
events aren't seen by non-disabled
people as just [__] events that aren't
for them because I think that like
that's super stigmatizing and incorrect
um and these are these are spaces for
all of us to be together in and that's
deeply critical to me because at the end
of the day night life of course is about
pleasure and liberation but from my
personal perspective it's about
connection to other people I don't
necessarily go out just to have fun I go
out to be with my friends um and even if
they drag me to the worst party ever
I'll have a great time because they're
with me right and so spaces where we can
all be together I think are a vital
vital importance um we have just a
couple minutes left um and before I give
you guys a moment to say some final
statements I'd love to ask the audience
if they have any questions for our
panelists um anybody
maybe not let's close her out guys any
final words about [__] Rave or maybe
maybe before we do that maybe Stefan and
Renee you could say a few words about
what to expect tomorrow
night sick ass music hell
yes awesome thank you guys so much this
is a real treat and a real pleasure
they've been on emails and zoom calls
going back and forth with me for weeks
and weeks and weeks um um and I just
really appreciate your time and
attention and coming all the way from
Canada and all the way from the East Bay
there was a crazy accident on the bridge
today Octavia was stuck in traffic um so
thank you for slogging through the
traffic thank you guys for flying all
the way down from Canada um and please
everyone come back tomorrow night it's
seriously going to be an unforgettable
night I'm really looking forward thank
you so much thank you thank you
[Music]
CRI oh actually one quick question
Octavia do you have any plans for future
[__] ecstasy events here in the Bay Area
that folks or ways that folks can you
know follow along who are local oh yeah
yeah so yeah working on something
probably next summer early fall uh you
can follow us on Instagram at cpor
exstasy uh if you want to tap in uh get
involved we're always looking for help
uh to yeah continue pushing the culture
forward so thank you amazing and you our
Instagram is CRI Brave amazing it's all
on our website great area festival. you
can find everything there as well thank
you so much and thank you so much to our
interpreter as well really appreciate
you thanks everybody we'll have a quick
break and then to the
next